[Terraform] Updates to align with PCX content strategy (#2238)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/terraform/src/content/tutorial/add-page-rules.md

---
title: 6 – Add exceptions with Page Rules
order: 6
pcx-content-type: tutorial
---

# Add exceptions with Page Rules

> In [step 3](/tutorial/configure-https-settings), you configured zone settings that apply to all of example.com. In this tutorial, you will add an exception to these settings using [Page Rules](https://www.cloudflare.com/features-page-rules/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In [step 3](/tutorial/configure-https-settings), you configured zone settings that apply to all of example.com. In this tutorial, you will add an exception to these settings using [Page Rules](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/articles/218411427).
```

> Specifically, you will increase the security level for a URL known to be expensive to render and cannot be cached: https://www.example.com/expensive-db-call. Additionally, you will add a redirect from the previous URL used to host this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically, you will increase the security level for a URL known to be expensive to render and cannot be cached: `https://www.example.com/expensive-db-call`. Additionally, you will add a redirect from the previous URL used to host this page.
```
